STREAMS-1322 - Disable CORS by defaullt (#65)
Axway/streams-open-docs: content/en/docs/install/_index.md

#### Ingress CORS

> Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) is disabled by default. You can enable it by setting the [Helm parameter](#helm-parameters) `ingress.annotations.nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/enable-cors` to `"true"`. For instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) is disabled by default. You can enable it by setting the [Helm parameter](#helm-parameters) `ingress.annotations.nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/enable-cors` to `"true"`:
```

> * Add `--set-string "ingress.annotations.nginx\.ingress\.kubernetes\.io/enable-cors"="true"` in the Helm Chart installation command (mind the `--set-string` here).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `--set-string "ingress.annotations.nginx\.ingress\.kubernetes\.io/enable-cors"="true"` in the Helm Chart installation command (make sure you enter `--set-string`).
```
